Privacy Policy   
We, Pineapple Builder (hereinafter "Pineapple Builder" or "we") would like to use this privacy policy to inform 
Pineapple Builder users and visitors to our website www.pineapplebuilder.com about the purpose, nature and extent 
of the processing of personal data.  
 
The Controller  
The party responsible for data processing on this website within the meaning of the General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDPR) and the UK's Data Protection Act (DPA) is:  
 
Aurity Ltd trading as "Pineapple Builder"  
Kemp House, 152 City Road,  
London EC1V 2NX  
V AT: GB206025750  
Company Registration No: 09428494  
 
Email: support@aurity.co  
Web: www.pineapplebuilder.com  
 
 
Our websites and services are constantly being revised and further developed. This also means that this pri vacy 
policy is regularly revised and updated. This applies in particular with regard to the procedures we use for usage 
analysis, for measuring the effectiveness of advertising methods and comparable services, in particular from third -
party providers. The current status can be found in this privacy policy at any time.  
 
A few words in advance regarding the use of service providers outside the European Union: Pineapple Builder is a 
service that is offered internationally. It therefore does not only extend to the United Kingdom  or the European 
Union. We operate worldwide, and our customers are spread across the planet. Generally, we prefer to use UK or 
EU based  service providers for certain services if they can provide the required services for us in an equally  good 
and comparably priced manner. However, we want to be honest. For many services we use, there are currently no 
providers or the existing providers do not represent an acceptable alternative. We therefore use a whole range of 
service providers from out side the European Union and in particular from the USA. We ensure that all measures are 
taken that are required under UK or European data protection law to guarantee an appropriate level of data 
protection.  
 
Use of personal data  
We collect, process and use  personal data in order to provide our services. This includes promoting our products 
and informing prospective customers and Pineapple Builder users about features. The extent to which personal data 
is processed depends firstly on whether one of our websi tes is merely "visited" or whether websites are used as 
Pineapple Builder users or registration as a user takes place.  
 
Privacy of children  
Our websites are generally accessible websites and are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect 
person al data from users who are considered children under their respective national laws.  
 
Processing of personal data  
 
The purposes of the processing  
Pineapple Builder uses the Pineapple Builder User's personal data in order to fulfil and perform the contract with 
the Pineapple Builder User and to provide our services (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR), to comply with our legal obligation 
(Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR) or to protect the vital interests of the Pineapple Builder User (Art. 6(1)(d) GDPR). This includes 
the following cases:  
 
• to provide access to and use of our Services (including billing), in particular to publish advertisements and 
other content of the User, and  
• to measure and improve the quality and success of our Services,  
• to keep our Services secure and operational, and  Privacy Policy   
• to adapt the content of the website and Services to what the Pineapple Builder User might like based on the 
actions taken by the Pineapple Builder User;  
• to contact the Pineapple Builder user regarding his or her account by email, or live chat;  
• to resolve problems with the account, to resolve disputes, to enforce claims for fees; or  
• to provide other necessary customer services;  
• to de tect, prevent and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or unlawful 
activities;  
• to enforce our terms and conditions, this Privacy Policy or other policies.  
 
We use the Pineapple Builder User's personal data to pursue our legi timate interests, provided that the interests or 
fundamental rights and freedoms are not overridden (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR). We have implemented control 
mechanisms to align our interests with the Pineapple Builder user's rights. On this basis, we use  the data as follows:  
 
• to improve our services, for example by reviewing information related to blocked or crashed pages so that 
we can identify and fix problems and provide a better user experience;  
• to monitor and improve the information security of our S ervices;  
• for advertising/marketing purposes.  
 
Our interest in addressing advertising in a needs -based manner is to be regarded as legitimate within the meaning 
of the aforementioned provisions:  
• to personalise, measure and improve our advertising based on what the Pineapple Builder User might like;  
• for the purpose of direct marketing, to contact the Pineapple Builder User by email or post to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, to offer coupons, discounts and special promotions,  
• to solicit the Pineapple  Builder User's opinion through surveys or questionnaires and to inform the 
Pineapple Builder User about our services;  
• to provide the Pineapple Builder User with targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers that 
the Pineapple Builder User may  like; 
• to review the quality and success of our email marketing campaigns (e.g., by analysing open and click -
through rates);  
 
With the Pineapple Builder user's consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR), we may also use their personal data:  
• to provide advertising by email;  
• to provide advertising from third parties;  
 
We limit the amount of personal data we share to what is directly relevant and necessary to achieve the stated 
purpose.  
 
What information is stored, and how is it used?  
 
Information provided  by the user when opening a customer account and for contract processing:  
When registering for a Pineapple Builder website, it is necessary to provide an email address and password and to 
create a customer account. The username can be published as part of the subdomain or web address generated by 
the system. The email address is used, among other things, to send notifications about the Pineapple Builder Page 
to the Pineapple Builder user. This includes, for example, access data, announcements, information, etc. For certain 
service packages and/or certain functions, such as the Shop, it is necessary to enter further contact data and payment 
information.  
 
Pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, personal data will continue to be collected and processed if the u ser provides 
it to us for the performance of a contract or when opening a customer account. Which data is collected can be seen 
from the respective input forms.  
 
Deletion of the customer account is possible at any time and can be effected by sending a mes sage to the address of 
the responsible party (Pineapple Builder) given above . We store and use the data provided by the Pineapple Builder 
user for the purpose of processing the contract. After complete execution of the contract or deletion of the customer 
account, the data will be blocked with regard to retention periods under tax and commercial law and deleted after Privacy Policy   
expiry of these periods, unless the Pineapple Builder user has expressly consented to further use of his or her data 
or a legally permitted fu rther use of data has been reserved on our part, about which we inform the user accordingly 
below.  
 
Login with GitHub  and Google+  
If a user has a profile on GitHub /Google+, he or she can log in to our website to create a customer account or register 
using the social plugin, GitHub or Google+, as part of the so -called Single Sign On technology.  
 
When the site visitor calls up a page of our website that contains such a plugin, his or her browser establishes a 
direct connection to the servers of the respective service. The content of the plugin is transmitted by GitHub  or 
Google directly to the browser and integrated into the page. Through this integration, GitHub  or Go ogle receives 
the information that the browser has called up the corresponding page of our website, even if the visitor/user does 
not have a GitHub  or Google+ profile or is not currently logged in to the respective service. This information 
(including the IP address) is transmitted by the browser directly to a Facebook or Google server in the USA and 
stored there.  
 
These data processing operations are carried out in accordance with Art. 6 (1) f GDPR on the basis of 
Facebook/Google's legitimate interest in d isplaying personalised advertising based on browsing behaviour.  
 
Exclusively if the user gives his or her express consent prior to the registration process on the basis of a 
corresponding notice about the exchange of data with GitHub  or Google+, we receive  the general and publicly 
accessible information stored in the respective profile when using the GitHub  or Google+ button, depending on the 
privacy settings personally made with the respective service. This information includes the user ID, name, profile 
picture and age. The data transmitted by GitHub  is stored and processed by us in order to create a user account with 
the necessary data, if this has been released by the user on GitHub  for this purpose (title, first name, last name, 
address data, country, a nd e-mail address). Conversely, data (e.g., information on surfing or purchasing behaviour) 
may be transferred from us to the corresponding GitHub  profile on the basis of consent.  
 
GitHub  Inc. and Google LLC are based in the USA. The purpose and scope of t he data collection and the further 
processing and use of the data by Facebook or Google as well as the related rights and setting options for the 
protection of privacy can be found in the respective privacy policies of GitHub  or Google.  
 
If the user does n ot want GitHub  or Google to assign the data collected via our website directly to his or her GitHub  
or Google profile, he must log out of GitHub  before visiting our website. The visitor can also completely prevent 
the loading of the Facebook plugins with a dd-ons for the browser, e.g., with "Adblock Plus".  
 
Use of payment service providers  
As part of the ordering process, the information provided by the Pineapple Builder User together with information 
about the order (name, address, account number, bank routing number, credit card number (if applicable), invoice 
amount, currency and transaction number) will be passed on to the payment service provider chosen by the 
Pineapple Builder User in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR. The data will be passed o n solely for the purpose 
of processing payment with the payment service provider and only to the extent necessary for this purpose. The 
processing of the data can be objected to at any time by sending a message to the payment service provider.  
 
Information  (log information) about the use of a Pineapple Builder website  
The Pineapple Builder server automatically records data about the way Pineapple Builder is used by Pineapple 
Builder users who are logged on to a website in a so -called activity log. This incl udes information about the activity 
(including storage space used, number of logins, etc.) as well as statistical data (such as browser, date, and time of 
access, cookie ID and referrer URL) and the IP address of the Pineapple Builder user. The processing is carried out 
in accordance with Art. 6 (1) f GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in improving the stability and 
functionality of our website. The data is not passed on or used in any other way. However, we reserve the right to 
check the server l og files retrospectively if there are concrete indications of illegal use. However, Pineapple Builder 
does not record when and at what point on the website content was created, modified or deleted.  
 
When you visit a Pineapple Builder website (www.pineapple builder.com, your own Pineapple Builder website or 
the pages of other Pineapple Builder users), the Pineapple Builder servers automatically store the information that Privacy Policy   
the browser sends when this page is visited. The information includes the request, the IP  address, browser type and 
language, and the date and time of the request.  
 
The information is used to analyse and maintain the technical operation of our servers and network as well as to 
combat abuse and is automatically deleted after 7 days. The process ing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 
1 lit. f GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our websites. The 
data is not passed on or used in any other way. However, we reserve the right to chec k the server log files 
retrospectively if there are concrete indications of illegal use.  
 
Third -party services and tools  
 
Storage of cookies on the end device:  
Cookies are small text files that are usually stored in the browser of the Pineapple Builder use r's terminal device for 
the duration of the current session, i.e., until the browser is closed, but in some cases even longer. A more 
comprehensive overview of the cookies we use and the option to object to data processing through cookies ("opt -
out") can b e found in the list in the Pineapple Builder Cookie Policy.  
 
The Pineapple Builder user can also object to the use of cookies by third -party providers on the following website 
of the Digital Advertising Alliance: https://www.aboutads.info/choices .  
 
Deactivating cookies may lead to functional limitations of the Pineapple Builder website.  
 
Web analysis  
On the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e,. interest in the analysis, optimisation and economic operation of our 
online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) lit. f. GDPR), we use web analytics services. In addition to third -party 
analysis services, w e also use a web analysis tool developed by ourselves ("Pineapple Builder Tracking"). With 
these measures, we want to ensure a needs -based design and the ongoing optimisation of our website. These interests 
are to be regarded as legitimate.  
 
Google Univer sal Analytics and Google Optimise  
Pineapple Builder uses Google Analytics for its own websites and, in some cases, also for websites of our users, 
e.g. when activating the statistics function. The web analysis and optimisation service "Google Optimise" is also 
used on our website. Both Google Analytics and Google Optimise are web analytics services provided by Google 
Ireland Ltd. In this context, cookies are stored on the end device of the visitor or Pineapple Builder user that enable 
an analysis of the use  of the website. The information generated by the cookie is transmitted to a Google server in 
the USA and stored there. We use the IP anonymisation option so that the IP address is generally shortened by 
Google within member states of the European Union an d in other contracting states to the Agreement on the 
European Economic Area before being transmitted to the USA. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be 
transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Google Analytics will use  this information on our 
behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website 
operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google Optimise will use this 
information on our behalf to improve the attractiveness, content and functionality of our website by enabling us to 
offer new features and content to a percentage of our users and to statistically evaluate the change in usage. The IP 
address transmitted by the browser as part of Google Analytics or Google Optimise will not be merged with other 
Google data. The setting of cookies can be prevented by a corresponding setting in the browser; however, we would 
like to point out that in this case not all functions  of this website can be used to their full extent. The collection and 
storage of the IP address and the data generated by cookies can be objected to at any time with effect for the future. 
The corresponding plugin for your browser can be found here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .  
 
Retargeting / Remarketing / Referral Advertising / Conversion Tracking / Online Marketing  
Based on our legitimate interests, i.e. interest in  the optimal marketing of our website, as well as in the analysis of 
user behaviour in order to optimise both the Pineapple Builder website and Pineapple Builder advertising, and where 
applicable based on the express consent of the site visitor, Pineapple Builder uses the following online marketing 
services on www.www.pineapplebuilder.com websites.  
 
Facebook Custom Audience via the pixel process  Privacy Policy   
On www.www.pineapplebuilder.com websites, Pineapple Builder uses the "Facebook Pixel" of Facebook Inc.  
 
In the case of explicit consent, this allows the behaviour of users to be tracked after they have seen or clicked on a 
Facebook ad. This procedure is used to evaluate the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research 
purposes and can help to o ptimise future advertising measures.  
 
The data collected is anonymous for us, so it does not allow us to draw any conclusions about the identity of the 
users. However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook so that a connection to the respective user  profile is 
possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes in accordance with the Facebook data usage 
policy.  
 
The site visitor can also deactivate the use of cookies by third -party providers such as Facebook on the following 
websi te of the Digital Advertising Alliance: https://www.aboutads.info/choices .  
 
Google AdWords and Google AdWords Remarketing  
The Pineapple Builder website www.www.pineapplebuilder.com uses  Google AdWords, an analytics service 
provided by Google, and, as part of Google AdWords, conversion tracking and Google AdWords remarketing.  
 
Google AdWords places a cookie for conversion tracking on the computer's hard drive (a so -called "conversion 
cook ie") when the site visitor clicks on an ad placed by Google. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and 
are not used for personal identification. If certain pages on our website are visited, Google and we can recognise 
that the site visitor has cl icked on the advertisement and been redirected to this page.  
 
The information obtained using the conversion cookies is used to create statistics for AdWords customers who use 
conversion tracking. Through these statistics, we learn the total number of users  who clicked on the ad placed by 
Google and accessed a page tagged with a conversion tracking tag. Further information on the terms of use and data 
protection in the context of Google AdWords can be found here.  
 
With Google Remarketing, Google sets a cooki e in the browser of the end device, which automatically enables 
interest -based advertising by means of a pseudonymous cookie ID and on the basis of the pages visited by the 
Pineapple Builder user/page visitor. Any further data processing will only take pla ce if the site visitor has consented 
to Google linking their internet and app browsing history to their Google account and allowing information from 
their Google account to be used to personalise advertisements. In this case, if the page visitor is logged in to Google 
while visiting the Pineapple Builder website, Google will use his or her data together with Google Analytics data 
and Google Adwords data to create and define target group lists for cross -device remarketing. For this purpose, the 
personal data  of the site visitor will be temporarily linked by Google with Google Analytics and Google Adwords 
data in order to form target groups.  
 
The site visitor can permanently deactivate the setting of cookies for advertising preferences by installing the 
browse r plug -in available at the following link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/ .  
 
Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick  
Pineapple Builder also uses the cross -device featu res of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. The provider 
is Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland.  
 
This function makes it possible to link the advertising target groups created with Google Analytics  Remarketing 
with the cross -device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. In this way, interest -based, 
personalised advertising messages that have been adapted to the respective user depending on their previous usage 
and surfing behaviour on o ne end device (e.g., mobile phone) can also be displayed on another end device (e.g., 
tablet or PC) of the user. If the user has given the corresponding consent, Google will link the web and app browsing 
history with the corresponding Google account for th is purpose. In this way, the same personalised advertising 
messages can be displayed on every end device on which the user logs in with their Google account.  
 
To support this feature, Google Analytics collects Google -authenticated IDs of users, which are t emporarily linked 
to our Google Analytics data to define and create target groups for cross -device ad advertising.  
 Privacy Policy   
The site visitor can permanently object to cross -device remarketing/targeting by deactivating personalised 
advertising in their Google accou nt: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/ .If the site visitor wishes to object 
to Google's participation in the general tracking process, the cookies for conversion tracking can be deactivated by 
setting the browser to block cookies from the domain www.googleadservices.com :  
https://www.google.de/settings/ads .  
 
The aggregation of the collected data in the Google account of the site visitor takes place exclusively on the basis 
of his consent, which he gives to Google or can revoke (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). In the case of data collection 
processes that are not merged in his Google account (e.g., because he does not have a Google account or has objected 
to the merging), the collection of the data is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest results from the 
fact that the website operator has an interest in the anonymised analysis of website visitors for advertising purposes.  
 
Further information and the privacy policy can be found in Google's privacy policy at: 
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ .  
 
LinkedIn Conversion Tracking  
On our website, we use the retargeting, analysis and conversion tracking technology of the LinkedIn platform. With 
the aforementioned technology from LinkedIn, site visitors can be shown more relevant advertisements based on 
their interests.  
 
We also receiv e aggregated and anonymous reports from LinkedIn of ad activity and information about how the site 
visitor interacts with our website. Further information on LinkedIn's data protection can be found on the LinkedIn 
website: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy -policy .  
 
The site visitor can object to the analysis of his usage behaviour by LinkedIn as well as the display of interest -based 
recommendations ("Opt -Out"); to do so,  he clicks on the field "Refuse on LinkedIn" (for LinkedIn members) or 
"Refuse" (for other users) at the following link: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest -contr ols/retargeting -opt-
out.  
 
Personalised advertising by Pineapple Builder  
Pineapple Builder uses the Site Visitor's (as well as the Pineapple Builder User's) data to provide the Site Visitor 
with targeted marketing, service updates, and pro motional offers that the Site Visitor may like; as well as to design 
Personalised Advertisements and perform pseudonymised usage analysis.  
 
If the site visitor does not wish to receive personalised advertisements or does not want us to collect pseudonymise d 
data in relation to their visit to our website and use of our services, applications and tools, they may object or 
withdraw their consent by following the instructions in the relevant advertisement or in our Cookie Policy.  
 
Information on the display of usage -based online advertising on our and third -party websites and on how the site 
visitor can deactivate this can be found in the respective third -party provider's privacy policy, which is linked in the 
listing at the end of this privacy policy. The conse quence of an objection or deactivation is that the site visitor will 
no longer receive personalised advertising, but personal data may still be collected as described in this privacy 
policy. Without explicit consent, we do not allow third parties to track or collect the site visitor's personal data on 
our websites for their own advertising purposes.  
 
Use of social media  
 
Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Instagram  
Our website www.www.pineapplebuilder.com uses social plugins ("plugins") of the social networks Facebook, 
LinkedIn, Twitter and Instagram, which is operated by Facebook, Inc., LinkedIn Corp., Twitter Inc., and Instagram, 
LLC, respectively.  
 
When a website of our website is accessed that contains such a plugin, the browser establishes a direct connect ion 
with the servers of the respective social media service. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly to the browser 
by the service and integrated into the website by the browser. By integrating the plugins, the provider of the social 
media servic e receives the information that the corresponding page of our website has been accessed by the Privacy Policy   
respective visitor or Pineapple Builder user. If the visitor has his or her own profile with the respective service, the 
provider can assign the visit to the acc ount of the visitor or Pineapple Builder user by storing cookies and using 
JavaScript. If the plugins are interacted with, for example the "Like" button is clicked or a comment is made, the 
corresponding information is transmitted from the browser directly  to the provider and stored there. This can be 
prevented with suitable browser plugins; in this case, the social plugins may no longer function as a result.  
 
The described data processing operations are carried out in accordance with Art. 6 (1) f GDPR on t he basis of the 
legitimate interests of Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Instagram in displaying personalised advertising in order to 
inform other users of the social network about relevant activities on our website and for the needs -based design of 
the ser vice.  
 
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, LinkedIn, 
Twitter and Instagram as well as the related rights and setting options for the protection of privacy can be found in 
the privacy poli cies of Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Instagram.  
 
Google reCAPTCHA  
On this website we also use the reCAPTCHA function from Google. This function is primarily used to distinguish 
whether an entry is made by a natural person or improperly by machine and automated processing. The service 
involves sending the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google.  
 
Further information on Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy can be found at: 
https://policies.google.com/privacy .  
 
Your communication with Pineapple Builder  
 
Customer Support  
A site visitor or  Pineapple Builder user can contact us at any time with questions via email, via a private message 
in the administration area of the website or on social media platforms via our support team . We store the request in 
a ticket system in order to process this  request and to make the service traceable and improve it. Personal details are 
only used to process the enquiry. The legal basis for the processing of the data is our legitimate interest in answering 
customer queries and improving our support service, in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. If the contact is 
aimed at concluding a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR. The data will 
be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the respective purpo se, i.e. there is no longer a legitimate 
interest, and we are also no longer obliged to keep records that may contain personal data.  
 
Newsletter and Newsletter Performance Measurement  
Our newsletter regularly informs Pineapple Builder users about Pineapple  Builder's products, services and 
promotions, surveys, competitions, blog articles and other similar content. The legal basis for sending the newsletter 
in connection with a sale of Pineapple Builder's goods or services is your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit.  a GDPR).  
 
The Pineapple Builder User may at any time object to the storage and use of his or her data for the purpose of 
sending the newsletter with effect for the future or revoke his or her consent thereto, without this requiring any 
justification, with out incurring any disadvantages and without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs 
according to the basic rates. This can be done by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the end of each newsletter. 
Alternatively, the Pineapple Builder User ma y uncheck the "Newsletter" box in his or her customer account.  
 
This will also terminate the consent to the statistical analyses. Unfortunately, a separate revocation against the 
statistical analysis in our newsletter is not possible. The legality of the d ata processing operations already carried 
out remains unaffected by the revocation. In the event of a revocation, the personal data used for this data processing 
will be anonymised or deleted. Data stored by us for other purposes (e.g. email addresses for the member area) will 
remain unaffected.  
 
Rights of the data subjects  
Pursuant to the relevant legislation and the GDPR, the Pineapple Builder user (or site visitor, hereinafter collectively 
referred to as the "Pineapple Builder User"), as well as the Pine apple Builder site visitor, if applicable, has certain 
rights with respect to his or her personal data. In particular, he has the right to information, correction, data Privacy Policy   
portability or deletion of his or her data and a right to data portability. The Pineapp le Builder user also has the right 
to object to certain processing of his or her data.  
 
In some cases, once content has been published on the Pineapple Builder website, it is no longer possible to modify 
or remove it. Upon receipt of a request to do so, Pi neapple Builder may close the relevant Pineapple Builder account 
and remove the offending personal data from public areas as soon as practicable based on the account activity and 
in accordance with applicable law. This does not affect the legal right to ac cess, correct or delete the personal data.  
 
Information and Access  
Pineapple Builder users can usually access, review and edit their personal data in their Pineapple Builder account 
by logging in and updating or deleting the information directly.  
 
We will be happy to inform the user which personal data we have stored about him or her and what fees, if any, are 
applicable under applicable law. The information will be processed by us immediately and is usually sent by e -mail 
(or by post on request). In order to receive detailed information, please state, if possible, the type of personal data 
for which information is requested. In order to ensure that the person requesting information is also the person he 
or she claims to be, we require proof of identity. Thi s can be a copy of an official identification document. Please 
black out or make unrecognisable any serial numbers, passport numbers or similar. We will only use this copy for 
identification purposes and to process the enquiry.  
 
Right of objection  
If the p ersonal data of the Pineapple Builder user or visitor is processed on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant 
to Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, the data subject has the right to object to the processing of his or her personal 
data pursuant to Art icle 21 GDPR, provided that there are grounds for doing so which arise from the particular 
situation of the data subject. In particular, the objection may be made to processing for direct marketing purposes 
by the Pineapple Builder user using the "unsubscr ibe link" at the end of such communications. In the case of 
processing for direct marketing purposes, the data subject has a general right to object, which will be implemented 
by us without specifying a particular situation.  
 
If the Pineapple Builder user exercises his or her right to object, we will stop processing the data concerned. 
However, we reserve the right to continue processing if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the 
processing that override the interests, fundamen tal rights and freedoms of the Pineapple Builder User, or if the 
processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.  
 
The Pineapple Builder User also has the right to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to the 
processi ng of personal data concerning him or her which is carried out for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 
89(1) of the GDPR. If the data subject wishes to exercise his or her right of withdrawal or objection, a corresponding 
e-mail to support@aurity.co w ill suffice.  
 
Data portability  
In certain cases, which are listed in detail in Article 20 of the GDPR, the site visitor or Pineapple Builder user has 
the right to receive the personal data concerning him or her in a structured, common and machine -readable format 
or to request the transfer of such data to a third party.  
 
Exercise of rights  
In order to exercise these and other data subject rights, as well as to find out about any fees that may be charged for 
doing so under applicable law, a data subject may c ontact us at any time at the contact address provided below. If 
the Pineapple Builder user makes a legal claim for access, correction, data portability or deletion of his or her 
personal data, Pineapple Builder may, in certain circumstances, refuse to prov ide such access or refuse to correct or 
delete the personal data in accordance with applicable law. However, Pineapple Builder will provide the reasons in 
such cases.  
 
Right to complain  
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, the Pineapple Builder User has the right to lodge 
a complaint pursuant to Article 77 of the GDPR with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of 
his or her place of residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement, if the Pineap ple Builder User 
considers that the processing of personal data concerning him or her infringes the GDPR.  Privacy Policy   
 
Data Security  
The Pineapple Builder User's data is protected by technical and organisational security measures in order to 
minimise risks in connection with its loss, misuse, unauthorised access and unauthorised disclosure and 
modification. To this end, we use, for example, firewalls and data encryption, as well as physical access restrictions 
for our data centres and authorisation controls for  data access.  
 
Duration of storage of personal data  
The data we process will be deleted or its processing restricted in accordance with Articles 17 and 18 of the GDPR. 
Unless expressly stated in this privacy policy, the data stored by us will be deleted as  soon as it is no longer required 
for its intended purpose and the deletion does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations and/or there is no 
legitimate interest on our part in continuing to store it. If the data is not deleted because it is re quired for other and 
legally permissible purposes, its processing will be restricted. i.e. the data will be blocked and not processed for 
other purposes. This applies, for example, to data that must be retained for reasons of commercial or tax law.  
 
Disclo sure of data  
Pineapple Builder users' data will not be sold to third parties. We will not disclose any personal data without consent 
unless:  
 
• we are required to do so by law.  
• to perform contractual services for Pineapple Builder users and/or to enforce rig hts and obligations arising 
from our Terms and Conditions  or the contractual relationship between the Pineapple Builder user and 
Pineapple Builder.  
 
Economic analyses and market research  
For business reasons and in order to be able to recognise market tre nds, wishes of contractual partners and users, 
we analyse the data we have on business transactions, contracts, inquiries, etc., whereby the group of persons 
concerned may include contractual partners, interested parties, customers, visitors, and users of our online offer.  
 
The analyses are carried out for the purpose of business evaluations, marketing, and market research (e.g., to 
determine customer groups with different characteristics). In doing so, we may, if available, take into account the 
profiles of registered users together with their details, e.g., regarding services used. The analyses serve us alone and 
are not disclosed externally, unless they are anonymous analyses with summarised, i.e., anonymised values. 
Furthermore, we take the pri vacy of users into consideration and process the data for analysis purposes as 
pseudonymously as possible and, if feasible, anonymously (e.g., as summarised data).  
 
Children Data  
Our website is not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect dat a relating to children. If you become 
aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, without parental consent, please contact us, and we take 
the necessary steps to remove that information from our server.  
 
Accuracy  
It is important that the data  we hold about you is accurate and current, therefore please keep us informed of any 
changes to your personal data.  
 
Obligation to provide personal data  
You are not obliged to provide us with personal data. However, depending on the individual case, the pr ovision of 
certain personal data may be necessary for the provision of the above services. If you do not provide us with this 
personal data, we may not be able to provide the service.  
 
Do Not Sell My Personal Information  
We do not sell information that dir ectly identifies you, like your name, address, or phone records.  
 
Hosting  
The services for hosting and displaying the website are partly provided by our service provider as part of processing 
on our behalf. Unless otherwise explained in this privacy polic y, all access data and all data collected in forms Privacy Policy   
provided for this purpose on this website are processed on their servers. If you have any questions about our service 
providers and the basis of our relationship with them, please contact us.  
 
Content Deli very Network  
For the purpose of a shorter loading time, we use a so -called Content Delivery Network (“CDN") for some offers. 
With this service, content, e.g., large media files, are delivered via regionally distributed servers of external CDN 
service provi ders. Therefore, access data is processed on the servers of the service providers. Our service providers 
work for us within the framework of order processing. If you have any questions about our service providers and 
the basis of our cooperation with them,  please contact us.  
 
Changes to the privacy policy  
Pineapple Builder reserves the right to change this privacy policy should this be necessary due to a change in the 
legal situation or due to additional or changed services used or offered by Pineapple Buil der. The current version 
can be found here. If Pineapple Builder intends to process the Pineapple Builder User's data for purposes other than 
those for which it was collected, we will notify the Pineapple Builder User in advance in accordance with the 
applicable legal provisions.  